[Registrar] Docs cleanup (#3370)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/registrar/src/content/why-choose-cloudflare/top-level-domains-supported.md

---
pcx-content-type: reference
order:
---

# Top Level Domains supported

In the [DNS](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ddos/glossary/domain-name-system-dns/) hierarchy, a top-level domain (TLD) represents the first stop after the root zone. In simpler terms, a TLD is everything that follows the final dot of a [domain name](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/glossary/what-is-a-domain-name/). For example, in the domain name `cloudflare.com`, `.com` is the TLD. Some other popular TLDs include `.org`, `.uk`, and `.edu`.

> Cloudflare supports over 200 top-level domains (TLDs). The full list of supported TLDs [can be found on our TLD policies page](https://www.cloudflare.com/tld-policies/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare supports over 200 top-level domains (TLDs). You can find the full list of supported TLDs on [our TLD policies page](https://www.cloudflare.com/tld-policies/).
```
